I would not say I am someone who scares easily, however there was something about that giant face that made me feel truly afraid. Such a feeling that it made jumping through a wall of darkness seem appealing. I barely even noticed the girl standing in front of the door before I had jumped through. Fortunately, there was a “through” and I found myself stumbling into a very dark, quiet space. I spoke to make sure I could still hear myself, and then called out to see if any of my companions were here as well. In my dash away from the ghost, I had lost track of them.
It was not more than a few seconds before Bomiz and Puck had stumbled upon where I was. I lit the torch I keep for such occasions, and Bomiz lit a few stones with his artificy to provide some light. Looking back in the direction we had come, there was only a wall. As we explored the hallway, we found ourselves in, we heard some concerning noises from a few rooms. We decided to explore the area and opened the door to the south. There had been scratching coming from this room, so I prepared myself to respond in the case of an ambush. However, the only thing in the room was a coffin. It was high quality, Solan Redwood according to Puck. There were bands of silver around the coffin, and the scratching was coming from inside it.
Before we could think too much about what could be in it (though I am sure ‘vampire’ was on all our minds’), we heard Ka’ali’s voice coming from inside of it. We released him from the coffin, and upon further examination could not determine how he had gotten into the coffin or why it was there. We decided to keep exploring.
The next room had some sort of piano music coming from it. We ignored this room for now, and found a bathroom, several bedrooms, including one with a closet (that contained a wide variety of clothes). While we were exploring this larger bedroom, we heard a scuffle from outside and saw that Bomiz had been attacked by some sort of giant spider. Bomiz had lost consciousness, however we were able to scare the spider off before it could kill him. We decided we should probably stick together at that point.       
We next opened a door adjacent to the room the piano music was coming from and found it to be connected. It was full of books on various topics, including one that discussed the local flora and fauna that I took with me. As a few of us continued to explore the library, Ka’ali had apparently decided to investigate the music, and we heard a scream coming from the other room. We all rushed to help him as he was attacked by what appeared to be a piano. Fortunately, it was a weak piano, and we were able to smash it before it did too much damage. Ka’ali and I investigated the fireplace and found a trapdoor behind it, however it only led to a brick wall.
Puck took this opportunity to cast detect magic again and found that the room was full of divination and evocation magic. There was also some necromancy stemming from the coffins. I’m not nearly as good as my brother at that sort of thing, so I have no idea what that means or if it is even important. We continued exploring after that and found a dining room with a table and some rusty suits of armor. We also found a kitchen; however a thorough investigation revealed no food. In fact, this entire place looked oddly unlived in, yet there was no dust or dirt or anything out of place.
While in the kitched, we did try to bait out the spider again to try and kill it. We were successful in batiing it out, however none of us were able to land a single blow on it and it managed to escape. We gave up on killing it and focused on finding a way out. We did eventually find a set of stairs to the north, and found ourselves traveling to the next floor.
The next floor looked the same as the previous floor. However, this floor did not have a set of stairs up. It was quite disconcerting. This new floor even contained another homicidal piano and another spider (though we were not yet sure if this spider was different from the one from the previous floor, I was inclined to believe it was.) After some exploration, we found the only other difference was a hole in the ceiling of the large bedroom. I went through the hole to scout it out and found that it that led into a seemingly identical room above. I checked a few items to verify this before being attacked by another phase spider. I managed to escape back to the lower floor, finding Ka’ali hanging from the ceiling as he had been attempting (and failing) to join me.
We eventually decided this was the only way to proceed and headed up. We all had an idea we may need to find a unique way to leave each level of this ‘dungeon’ in order to escape. On this floor, we were finally able to kill one of the spiders attacking us as Rinor used some of his holy magic to finish it off. After checking that the fireplace was still blocked off, we started to pull all of the books of the shelves to see if perhaps the exit was hiding behind them. Fortunately, it was, and we all proceeded through a gap in the bookshelves to the next, almost identical, floor.
If there are as many of these rooms as floors we went down, only 75 more to go.