Hey Mom,

So there we were, walking up the coast, sandy beaches, clear waters, expansive reefs, and….. a Dryad? Turns out her tree ‘woke up’ in the middle of ocean (I guess that’s a thing?) from what Puck was translating for me. Bomiz had this idea for her to climb into his magic bag so we could take her back to shore, not a chance I’d jump in that freaky thing. On our way back, in classic Gren fashion, of course we were attacked by these fish fucks. Long story short, we’re alive and we got her back to shore. Her reward for us was a sweet code phrase if we ever get in trouble in the forests here. It seems a bit odd to start whispering sweet nothings to a redwood, but I guess I’ve seen Puck seduce weirder creatures. 
So, with that taken care of, we made it back to Winter’s Edge that night without anything else trying to kill us. I feel like we’re starting to get pretty good at this adventuring stuff, and I feel I’ve become a bit more dangerous to beasts we’ve encountered – especially in the shadows. Power trips, aside, we were back in town, and, boy did I need a DRINK! So, we made it to the Hungry Jackal, a bar we had been to our first day here. It seemed like there was a damn rager going on in there. From what we gathered this other trio of adventurers, an elf man, half-orc woman, and a halfling woman, were able to take care of the issue that was going on at that big ass tree down the southern shore and were now buying drinks for the whole bar (all I need to hear). I guess the merrow were very protective of it because a bunch of turtles get it on at this tree, and turtles are apparently rich or protein, or whatever. The elf, we found out his name was Raul, was boasting about it all, but I didn’t care to catch all the details. Yes, he’s as much of a jamoke as he sounds. I kind of tuned him out until I heard that they were paid 1 THOUSAND GOLD for this!! Seriously! Apparently protecting a turtle orgy house is worth 1,000 gold on this island, but fighting a damn VAMPIRE is worth 200? This place is backwards.
It was about this time that Bomiz decided to chat up the halfling – Twitch Thornhill (Thorny, as I’d called her in my head). An interesting name, not so much an interesting woman. Didn’t talk much, kind of like me – seems like she’d prefer working in the shadows. The half-orc, Vok, seemed to enjoy watching Twitch suffer from the incessant conversation that is Bomiz, but she didn’t take to well to Puck, who had swung over with some expensive liquor to get more info, which is rare. Whatever, fuck her.
I decided it best to cozy up with Luther, the barkeep, for the rest of the night and drink on the fool’s tab, no new friends for me – I’m still undecided on whether I like the three I’m already with. Of course, everyone’s favorite fey had other plans. A little sore over the coin he’d thrown away trying to woo the others, he threw a challenge I’d heard oh so many times on the Isles, a slight whine about how I owe him some coin. I guess it was time to go to work. I made my way over to the crowd of drunken patrons, enthralled with the pompous tales of Raul Amore, the Hungry Jackal’s entertainment for the night. I found one of the more ‘distracted’ members of the crowd, did my thing, and made my way back………...then things got kind of weird. Apparently one woman in the crowd was like, way too into the all black look? I don’t know, but she would not let me go, and I’m not exactly the smooth talker ol’ Pucky is, so I kind of, well, just froze. I don’t know what was stronger, the smell of booze, or the smell of perfume, either way, after these few days, I wasn’t interested in the courtings of this particular barfly. It was then that fortune smiled on me in the form of Azhian, who had presumably come to help me out. I realized very quickly that I was dumb for thinking for a second that she was there to help me. My old friend Hiraeth always told me “Always be exactly who you are, but be prepared to catch a fist for it.” Well, I guess I need to work on catching said fist with something other than my jaw, because she cracked me good. So now I know, if you need to lie to get yourself out of something, make sure your lie doesn’t involve an angry, violent martial artist who would only attend your fan club meetings to burn down the VA hall they were held in.
Okay, with my face now in searing pain, I stumbled on back to the bar, threw the drunk’s coin at Puck (didn’t even count how much was in there), and sank back into the bottomless ale Raul had supplied. Speaking of, he came over around then. There was some talk of adventuring, conquests, blah blah blah, then he leaned in towards Puck, slid a key in his hand, and whispered something to him with a look only the most desperate of lovers would flash towards Puck. I was content not to ask but was very eager to see what Puck was thinking as he grabbed the key, flashed a grin, then took a stroll over to one of the patrons and disappeared for a bit up towards the bedrooms. At that time, I paid for our room, and we went on up for the night. 
In the morning, we went back downstairs, just in time for Twitch to start asking Puck about something that had happened in her room the night before. It turns out that a drunk man had gotten horny for Thorny, ended up with a key to her room, and jumped bare-ass into her bed to wait for her; and she was accusing Puck of setting it all up. Surely, an upstanding gentleman would have no part in such raucous behavior! Or maybe he would, who knows. Regardless, shit was hilarious.
After breakfast, it was time to get paid! We stopped by Mr. Ray of Sunshine himself, Rupert Orlock (Orloch? I should learn these peoples’ names) for our 200 gold, or 20 platinum as he ended up giving us. Before he paid us, he asked us for all of the information on the cabin in the woods, and he had us agree to be under the effect of this weird truth spell. I didn’t like it but being able to make lying an impossibility seems like it could be really useful. After we’d been paid, however, Bomiz started asking for a raise and Rupert wasn’t really having any of it, but he did mention wanting one of those turtles by the pineapple tree (what is it with these damn turtles?!). Puck didn’t seem to love it, and there was a bit of an argument about what to do. We’ll figure that out in time, I guess.
Our next stop was the Explorers guild. We noticed that the building seemed a bit damaged, and, inside, we learned that the guild was attacked by some undead the day before? Not exactly what you’d expect in the middle of town. We also found out that a bit of the fog over Gren had receded and the Z’jaihal military was sending people, accompanied by merrow to investigate. Other than that, we gave them some information that Annabelle seemed very interested in (particularly the fact that the Gadfly was in the middle of the god damn woods), and we plan on returning in a bit to hopefully be paid for more details, but, for now, we’ve left. 
Outside the Explorers guild, everyone was bickering a bit about where to go - I heard talk about potions, a donkey, and Bomiz making some sort of a badass bow. Regardless, I stepped away. Not that a day of shopping, arguing, and trying to think of an inappropriate name for a jackass doesn’t send a tickle down my spine, but I had a few things on my mind. I’ll catch up with them later; for now, I have something to figure out on my own. I’ll fill you in when I find out more.

I’m getting closer, I can feel it.
-Kai