I can feel the coldness taking hold of my body, constricting my muscles, stealing the breath from my very lungs. I have not experienced this before, and it is as though I am being taken away from your warmth, Flombax. I will try to hold out as long as possible, before this takes my mind. Please, hear my recollections as a token of my service to you.

It had been a long trip on the Fogpiercer, something like 6 weeks, and another hard journey for Azhian. She spent most of the time laying on the deck of the ship in between bouts of sickness. Luckily, this time, there was another blue fellow, whose name was Bomiz, who was in the same state. I could have made a tonic to help them feel better, but I used all my yartsa gunbu awhile ago and haven't been able to find it on the surface. Azhian and I both avoided Bomiz otherwise, his questions are constant and I get close to wanting to quiet him; I can only imagine how much Azhian would want to punch him. There was a goat-man, Puck, whom would come by and talk at us occasionally, telling us about his time in the navy. I'm not sure what that is, but it sounded like a big fishing group? I didn't have the heart to tell him that being a fisherman wasn't an uncommon thing, and he kept singing those songs about sailing on the sea. He does have a great voice, he would probably sound amazing singing "Blest Be the Tentacle that Binds".

As we reached Gren, Puck and Bomiz disembarked with us, so I imagined we were all going to be part of the same adventuring group. This didn't bother me much, however, there was another member of their group which seemed to pop out of nowhere. We hadn't seen him on the ship prior, and a few days prior to us landing, he was around. He seemed to know Puck and Bomiz, and when they introduced him as Ka'Ali, I think I overheard them mention something about him being arrested. This one smells like trouble. However, from the looks of things, and especially given my current state, I am in no place to refuse help.

We were greeted in Winter's Edge by the mayor, a Ms. Dolores Moosenuckle, who had given us a few tidbits of information about the island. City hall for rentals or housing needs, told us the wildlife is very dangerous, and that we were required to register with the Explorer's Guild if if we were adventurers. She seemed as though she had other places to be, so she and her halfling aide left quickly before Bomiz could ask any questions (lucky for her). Given that we are adventurers, Azhian and I agreed that we should go there first. Bomiz also thought it was prudent, but Ka'Ali, and Puck were pretty insistent on going to a tavern. They reluctantly agreed though, and we all made our way to the guild hall to register.

When we arrived in the guild hall, there was a small surface-svirfneblin sitting behind the counter. She was dressed in military garb and introduced herself as Lt. Anabelle Rose with the Zjaihal military. She took down our names and country of origin, though I do not believe she actually cared much about the information we filled out, which gave some relief to Ka'Ali. However, when we filled out the required information, we were given a brass pin which had "Explorer's Guild" engraved on it. Ms. Rose went through the various things that the Explorer's Guild was interested in, and would pay us for. They are desperate for finding people, but also ruins or artifacts. For the people and ruins, we can draw a map outlining how to get back to them. They would like the chance to examine any artifacts that we find, but we can either keep them or sell them back to the guild.

She also informed us of a few different jobs the guild had available. The first of which was regarding a large pineapple tree to the south of the river which is revered by a tribe of merrows. These merrows are much like the Black Fish Tribe on the surface of Flomb, extremely hostile and will attack anyone on sight. Ms. Rose informed us that the goal of the mission is to find out more information about the tree and why the merrows are interested in it. Establishing diplomatic relations would be a bonus, but not a requisite for success. Killing them was not part of the job, but wasn't punishable either, so Azhian and I discussed that we might be able to use hostility as a means to diplomacy. The rest of the group seemed put off by this idea though. Payment will be decided on upon the level of success, or route of success we can achieve.

The second job was about a mine in Mountains Home. There has been an infestation of beasts, rendering the mine very dangerous and forcing the miners to abandon it. The job is to go there and clear out the mine as much as possible, and we would get paid per head of the creature we kill.

She briefly mentioned a temple in River's Bend, but then quickly cut herself off and said that job is meant for people whom have proven themselves to the guild first. So the details of it are unavailable currently.

The last job she had was to find another group of adventurers whom had gone missing. They weren't on official guild business, and were performing some job for a Mr. Rupert who runs Oarlock's Acquisitions. It definitely seemed like she did not like this Rupert Padlock, and had a great level of disdain for him and his business. This party consisted of a human, minotaur, half-orc, and two elves, and she would pay us 100 gold for each one returned, or 25 gold for proof of their demise.

After having these laid out for us, we decided to walk around the town and see what there was to see. However, Puck, and Ka'ali, wanted to go to a tavern again, while Bomiz, Azhian, and myself wanted to walk around a little. As we were walking, we came across a man who introduced himself as Bane. He said he represented the Count and Countess Ingram. They own their own exploration enterprise, ran by Mr. Oarlock, and we were invited to a formal dinner this evening at their estate. We agreed, and continued on our stroll around town.

Bomiz had found a shop that sold some fancy machines, Azhian was also intriged and followed him in. The rest of the party and I were too interested and decided to hang around outside. They came out after a little while talking about how interesting the shop keeper's Transponsters were, essentially scrolls that would not get consumed during casting the spell. These devices were a little too expensive, so they left empty handed. Also, I guess the gnome knew Bomiz's grandfather back in Zix, which wss a funny coincidence. Your influence does engulf us all, and guide us to where we need to go.

As we were walking around, killing time before the dinner, we happened upon Oarlock's Acquisitions. We decided to head on in and see if this Mr. Rupert could give us more information on the missing party. You teach us to be accepting of people, but this Mr. Rupert Oarlock was one of the most eerie duergar I've ever met. He didn't seem at all interested in the missing adventurers and was more interested that we might go out looking for them. Upon asking what it was they were looking for, Mr. Oarlock told us a tale of Daryon and Joselyn Moonwhisper, two elvish sisters who were looking for artifacts left over from the cataclysm. They found something powerful, but disagreed how to use it. Daryon believed it should be kept secret, and kept safe. Joselyn wanted to perform experiments on them to unlock their true power. About 1 year ago, they both went missing, with Daryon rumored to have gone to their house North of the river, and Joselyn building a house south of the river. He offered us to pick up where the other adventurers left off, and find information about these two sisters. 200 gold per location we find, and 200 gold per sister that we can convince to come and meet with Mr. Rupert. Before we take our leave, he tells us that he will have something to help our journey if everything goes well at the Ingram's manor tonight.

We had a few more hours until dinner after leaving Oarlock's Acquisitions, so we indulged Puck and Ka'Ali and went to a tavern. We tried asking the half-orc bartender, Luthor, for information about the pineapple tree, or even places where we can find out any more information. He wasn't able to provide us with anything useful, other than the drinks for my acquaintances.

After Ka'Ali and Bomiz finish their drinks, we meander over to the Ingram's manor for dinner. This was the largest non-military building in all of Winter's Edge. Bane let us in and we sat in a waiting room for the Count and Countess. It saddened me to see how much decadence these people felt they needed to live with, but I guess I am a very far way away from Flomb. The Count, Eustace, and Countess, Yvette, led us through their house and into a large, empty table. Well, not empty, it was set for eight, with the empty seat being for their house guard. We then eat a delicious vegetable medley. They had Black Trumpet mushrooms! I don't know where they got them, as the Khuldroc Farm was the only place to get them in all of Flomb, and even those were small batches. These didn't have quite the richness and in my opinion taste better when they are undercooked. However, this still reminded me of celebrating Imbolg back home. I don't have time right now for this nostalgia though.

During dinner, the Ingrams' house guard, Enna, returned, and she knew Azhian! This again, was another shining example of how you have woven yourself into our lives, and pull us to our destiny. They seemed to have a very strange relationship. Very combative, which isn't out of the ordinary for Azhian, but it seemed more personal than normal. After dinner, we waited on the veranda until dessert was ready. Azhian handed me some of her equipment and started walking to a larger, open area. Enna followed her, and I knew that Azhian was going to do what Azhian does. Enna tried to talk some sense into her, but then she hit Enna in the face. Twice. Hard. However, Enna returned the punches and knocked Azhian out cold. This reminded me a little of the crocodiles out in Stillwater, but faster.

After the small bout, some niceties were exchanged between the two combatants. However, the evening was ruined by large birds who flew into the garden and started attacking. Before I had a chance to react, one of them clawed at me. I wasn't fast enough, and I felt it tear into my skin. Emanating from that point was a coldness, as I said at the beginning, unlike any I've ever experienced. It was so sudden and intense that it prevented me from moving, it took all I had not to succumb to it immediately. However, Here I stand. Seconds, moments away from being taken away. I'm not sure what will happen to my travelling companion, nor my new acquaintances. I beseech you to envelop them with your protection, prevent these birds from doing any more harm, and finally that if this is indeed where my story ends, guide me to the deep waters.