Hey Mom, it’s Kai, just checking in. We’ve had a hell of a time in the woods here on this crazy-ass island. After we finished checking through this madhouse - that this absolute genius, Daryen Moonwhisper, decided to give to five random strangers to let us deal with a god damn VAMPIRE (And people wonder why I don’t trust anything nowadays) – I had the best sleep I’ve ever had on a cellar floor in my life. To be honest, I’m kind of tired of getting knocked out by seemingly everything we come across, I have to figure out some way to stop that from happening, because it feels like I can barely stand against a stiff breeze right now.
My ramblings of inadequacy aside; waking up with a drink of the sweet wine they got down in the cellar, I watched as Bomiz pulled out a plain ol’ tinderbox, saw some weird stuff and then *poof* out of nowhere, a bag shows up in its place. I’m not sure what the hell he did, but it was pretty freaky. I guess I’m the only one who thought this was weird because the rest of the group started filling the bag up with everything they had. Glad everyone’s feeling a bit lighter, but I’m not sure I trust it. Bomiz started talking about having a talk with me about magic – as little as I trust it, I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t a bit curious about magic (I can’t admit that though, so I told him I’d rather talk about anything else).
Anyway, we got back upstairs; we saw that the house was in much better shape than when we fell asleep. Pyris, the crazy bastard, worked himself silly patched holes, cleaning up messes, and we found him on the couch spooning his broom – a reward for a full day’s work, I guess. We woke him up, asked him a few more question about the freak that was knocking down the door last night, as well as why Pyris wasn’t allowed in the basement, but didn’t learn anything we hadn’t already assumed or known. I also let Pyris know that, if anyone came looking for the owners of the house, they’re in Koralia – let them go on a wild goose chase.
Eventually, after wayyy too much deliberation, we decided to go straight west – screw this house and screw this forest – as part of our route to get back to Winter’s Edge. After a few hours, we reached the beach and decided to make camp just a bit in the forest. As the rest of the crew made camp, I hopped into a tree in the area to get some peace and quiet (just like I would climb the tree near our home in Skaf). At some point in the night, I heard a bit of a commotion. It sounded like Rinnor was confused (not surprising, from what I’ve seen thus far on the island) and Puck was in serious conversation (VERY surprising, from what I’ve seen in the past few years). Knowing I don’t add much to serious conversations, I figured it best for me to just hang out in the tree until I saw the group gather back up. When I eventually got down from the tree, Puck let us know that a dryad, as he called it, wanted us to leave their forest. Having just dealt with an asshole trespasser less than a day ago, we decided we didn’t want to be them ourselves, so we set up camp on the beach.
The next morning, we traveled south along the shoreline; it was a nice change from that hellscape of a forest – that is, until we heard the music. It wasn’t much, just a few notes, but there was no source. Weird, right? This island just keeps the crazy coming! Even odder than the sourceless music was Puck’s reaction - he perked up and started going to the music like they were offering a 2-for-1 at the brothels on the Isles. I couldn’t let him go it alone, no matter how uncomfortable the rest of the group seemed to be (I’d never tell him, but that loon is damn near the best friend I’ve found since I had to leave Skaf). 
Anyway, we set off to find the sound and came upon a shipwreck in middle of the forest. Just. HOW?! How the hell does that make its way into the forest? Regardless, it would appear that the ship was called the ‘Gadfly’ by the poor saps who piloted it into the trees. As Puck and I approached, I noticed a couple strange flashes of blue light off to the side, so I took Ol’ Rin Tin Tin over to investigate, but we found nothing out of the ordinary (at least, as ordinary as it can get when there’s a shipwreck like a mile inland). Afterwards, we met up with Bomiz and Puck as Puck was trying to cast some spell to understand the freaky writing on the wall (again, no idea when it comes to magic, you know it’s all gibberish to me). I figured I’d wait outside, since I’m not exactly of much use to a ritual.
Of course, the second I get settled against the side of the boat, I hear absolute panic coming from inside the boat. Apparently a forest shipwreck isn’t complete with ghosts? Who would’ve known! Next thing I see, Azhian’s punching shit through windows like it’s no big deal (it was pretty cool to watch), and Bomiz is running through the ship. I tried to do what I could to help out, especially with Puck stuck below deck with these bastards, but, I mean, I’m just stabbing ghosts with daggers…… As sharp as I keep them, Paradise and Plague aren’t exactly racking up an afterlife kill count. I let the holy man take care of them, since apparently he can absolutely obliterate ghosts, but a pissed off turkey is his absolute ruin; interesting stuff. So, the ghosts cleared out, Puck was able to finish his ritual, and he told us that writing on the wall said “Investigation complete, no heirloom, 3 undead” (Thanks for the warning, jerkoff). It seemed like someone had been here recently, and Azhian confirmed that when she spotted some footprints leading to the northeast, where they just… ended.  After we talked a bit, we (everyone else) came to the conclusion that those blue flashes I saw were from people teleporting away from the ship – we’d just missed them. Regardless, I guess we’ll continue on, I wonder what oddities we’ll come across next. For now, I’ll sit here and eat my ration before we go. I’m not allowed to have any of Azhian’s fish stew, since I guess I ‘poked the bear’ one too many times from the last stew she made. It smells pretty good, but I can’t tell her that.
Well, I’ll write you later, love you, miss you
- Your Sapphire Dragon

Oh, almost forgot, I had the dream again. I’m still not sure what’s happening, but I’ll figure it out - I have to.