It happened again. I am pulled into a darkness, this time it is a strange feeling of being pulled into water. It isn't cold, but I feel like I am floating and can't breathe. This time, I believe, was due to my own hubris moreso than those damned birds. I hate those birds. This is as good a time as any to recount the events leading up to this situation I've found myself in, if for nothing else than to hopefully see if there is a lesson in this. 

On the way to River's Bend, we noticed a large trail of blood crossing our path. We went to go check it out, as this was very strange. We came upon a large hole in the ground. Bomiz had sent his doggie in to check out what happens. It died fairly quickly. We were able to lure the creature inside up to the surface, and we killed it. When we went to investigate the creatures den, we had found a dead Zjaihalian soldier. Since Donkules needed to carry a little more, we strapped the poor lad onto the donkey and continued to River's Bend. Figuring that the military unit stationed at the encampment would like to have their fallen soldier back. Not to jump around a lot, but they don't care.

We pack it in for the night and make camp near the road. In this forsaken land, no place is safe. We were set upon by those DAMNED BIRDS again! This time by a mother and it's 3 hatchlings. As Azhian, Puck, Bomiz, and Ka'Ali worked on the larger one, I tried to keep the smaller ones near me. I succeeded in that, however I also succeeded in getting pecked again by their turn-me-into-stone beaks. However, this time I was able to channel your strength and resist the demon birds' effect on me! It was a good fight, and we were victorious in the end. I think I should talk to Bomiz about the possibility to develop some sort of non-turn-into-rock potion. It might be too much money to make, but still something to look into maybe. 

When we got back on the road, nothing really happened all day. That is, until we were a few miles out of River's Bend and we see a small girl in the road just ahead of us. She either acted like, or actually was trying to, hide from us but we ignore that and walk up to her. She said her name was Jessica and acted very strange. She was talking to Bomiz and Puck and was whispering to them, I faintly heard her saying she wanted show them a secret which was off in the forest a little. This is when I had called upon you to grant me your divine sense. I was able to see this was no little girl, and instead was a fiend. I immediately grabbed her by the hand and told her to show her true form. She tried to muddle with my mind, but I was able to not lose myself. I tried to get her to show her true form, but she said I was "no fun" and disappeared. After this, we went and checked out this "secret" she wanted to show us, but there was nothing that we could find. My only guess is that she was not going to just take us into the forest, but do something much more sinister. With nothing left to do with this, we ended up just leaving and making our to River's Bend.

As we made our way into the River's Bend, we saw the large temple to the North with about 150 feet padding between it and a fence. To the South is the river, and in the middle of the two is a military outpost. The temple had a terraced structure which reminded me of the Depth Sepulchre (may they rest). The large empty area between the barracks and the temple did not help with this, isolating it from the barracks and the rest of the wilderness. We noticed a large sign on the fence as we walked by, stating some rules which all painted the temple and the surrounding area as something eerie and sinister.

Deciding it would be best to get some information before we just run the military barracks, we found a guard named Dave that we could talk to. This guy is a jerk. Once we get out of our current situation, I will suggest we pay this guy a visit. Anyway, he told us that unauthorized access to this area tends to get shot down with arrows. However, military and explorer's guild members both are authorized to venture into the area. Dave directed us to Watch Captain Asher though to get more insight into the temple and discuss matters more.

Watch Captain Asher is a young human man, clean cut and shaven, pressed uniform, very neat and orderly, and his armor didn't have a scratch on it. Obviously this is a man who greatly values other peoples' perception of him, ironic because he is a huge ezol mikel. Pardon my Dwarvish. When we introduce ourselves as Explorer's Guild members, there was obvious disdain for us. Then when we showed him the dead soldier's body we had found he was asking questions about where we had found the body, suggesting with his tone that we were the ones who killed this man. Captain Asher did mention something about a message that he was sending along with this soldier back to Winter's Edge. However, the solider had a horse, and we hadn't found a horse where we found the body. 

We asked about the temple, and he gave us a breakdown of what we would find. First thing was that there are statues in the main entrance, which may be violent towards people they don't know. Once inside the temple there is a set of stairs that goes down, and down, and down. They have travelled down fifty levels, all of which seem to be the same. They have made a few different markings along the way, but for the most part they are all identical. The markings stay, however, when they have left items laying around, they disappear. Whenever someone enters the temple, they start hearing a noise. It is different every time, but it always sounds like it is coming from far down the stairway.

Having received all the information we need, we plopped the dead body on the floor, getting some blood and viscera on with Captain Asher, that douche. Given that it was late in the afternoon, we decided it would be best to stay in the barracks for the night and enter the temple in the morning. We had asked Dave to go get us some food from the commissary, and gave him a gold. He never came back. We'll deal with him later. Since he left with our money, Azhian and I went into the woods to get some food, Bomiz tinkered a little with Dogiz, Ka'Ali just sat around, and Puck tried to make some friends (spoiler alert, he did not).

Once we woke up, we headed into the temple and first met with the statues. Two of them walk up to us and started asking us who we are. Bomiz asked if one of them always lies. This evidently was a touchy subject for them, and they started bickering. Seeing as we weren't being paid attention to anymore, we just side-stepped them and walked in to the temple. Very anti-climactic.

We saw the stairs, and looked around a little but didn't find anything out of place. As expected, we begin to hear a sound. It sounded like a young child crying and saying "Help, please help!". We couldn't tell how far down it was, but it definitely sounded far away. So we make our way down. And down. And down. It was a lot of stairs. We eventually get to the 50th landing, which is the furthest that the military groups had made it. We send Dogiz down a little, and nothing strange happens. Checking for magic, Puck was able to detect faint evocation magic everywhere. As we venture down further, Puck starts to identify Illusion and Divination magic as well. As we get down to the 65th landing, it sounds like we are finally starting to get close to the voice. 

Once we get to the 72nd landing, Ka'Ali stops us and looks behind us up the stairs. Bomiz and Azhian are already around a corner, but Puck and I watch as Ka'Ali stealths up the stairs and disappears around the corner. We wait a beat. Then we hear him shout "SHIT!" and starts running down the stairs. Behind him is a giant face with pure white eyes, the mouth is open and just starts floating. Ka'Ali isn't fast enough and gets swallowed whole. It starts to look at Puck, who senses a very strong source of necromancy magic from it. I got Puck behind me and took a defensive stance, hoping that I could stop this thing until Azhian and Bomiz were able to get back up to assist. If we all stood our ground, I felt that we could destroy this evil! I swung at it as soon as it got within my swords range. My strike was true, but my sword did nothing to it. However, I was able to channel some of your energy into my strike to inflict some damage. This was going to be a tough fight, but we all could probably take it down. I looked over my shoulder, waiting for Azhian's familiar footsteps running up the stairs to punch this thing hard, or Bomiz's quick wit commenting on this thing in some way. However, I was all alone. Everyone had ran down the steps. While I was distracted, I felt the creature come upon me, and then I found myself in the state I am in now.

I think the lesson learned was that I shouldn't just dive into fights? Don't rely on my companions to follow me? I'm not sure. I ask for your guidance, and the strength to endure this newest obstacle.