I am awestruck. This is obviously the sign that I've been waiting for since I was swallowed by that giant face. I don't know what this means though, probably that I am on the right track. I must recount the day to help me understand the meaning behind this. 

We had started off into the forest, the same as every other day of travel. We were able to get some food, which Azhian cooked in the giant pot. I'm so glad that we have Donkules to carry that thing, it was always so heavy, and after we cooking breakfast it always made my back sweat when I would carry it. The donkey doesn't seem to mind though. Anyway, I'm glad that we have it, I always enjoy Azhian's cooking. Puck doesn't though. He's used to having fancy things I think. This time, Azhian got a little upset with him though. He did some magic encantation over his food, and then stopped sneering whenever he would take a bite. Again, I don't it, I like it. Custard, good...jam, good...meat, GOOD!

Anyway, we finally made our way to the mist that we were searching for. All around, the trees were covered in prickly, thorny spines. Flitting around, was a tiny little creature. It took one look at us, and then flew immediately to Puck. Then they started making a lot of strange noises. I would say that they were talking, but it didn't sound like any language I've heard before. A lot of chittering like birds, and then clicking like squirrels, even one little blub like a fish! Strange. However it did seem like they were able to communicate easily.

The small creature was called a Pixie, and this particular one was named Quizzle. Apparently, it was able to trap a creature in a nearby glade using some form of enchantment from a magic stone. Well, three stones. It handed one of the stones to us, but lost the other two as it was trying to get out to find help. The creature it had trapped evidently was some large evil creature, and was causing all sorts of harm to Quizzle and the other inhabitants of the glade. There was another party that had gone in, but they didn't do too good against this thing, Quizzle was unsure if they were alive or dead though. Long story short, we took the stone and offer to help, and in exchange Quizzle offered to reward us with a blessing.

There were two paths as we entered into the glade, one to the West and the other to the South. We decided to head South and found ourselves in a small clearing with vines all around and a small glowing stone on the ground across from us. The vines weren't moving, but...I guess here in Gren that doesn't mean anything. Plants are the worst. Bomiz sent in Dogiz to go fetch the stone, but as soon as we got close, they started reaching out and grabbing us all. With some fancy footwork or sheer force of will, we're able to get out of the vines' reach and escape with the stone. Two stones down, only...1...2...3...carry the...1...ummm...just some more stones to find!

We then found ourselves in another fork in the road, this time we headed north. The ground was all dead grass, and the trees looked like they weren't doing too good. I immediately had some flashbacks of when Ka'Ali reached his hand into the tree stump. In an effort to get out in front of this encounter, and beat the trees at their own game, I stabbed a tree! Of course, the trees were dead and didn't retaliate. However, the Darklings which lived in them did and in a matter of seconds I was unconcious. When I wake up, the creatures were all routed, so I assume they got scared that I would awaken and exact my revenge on them. Well, I did see some of Bomiz's arrows in them, and Ka'Ali's daggers, and some of them had bruises from Azhian, and one clutching its ears like when Puck does his whisper spell. No way to be sure.

We then decided to continue on, and found a small clearing with some light coming through. It looked like the protection spell that Quizzle had told us aboout, so we decided to look around more for the other stones that we needed. We found it, but some of the local quicklings didn't want us to get it. We were able to fetch the stone though, the last one. I knew there was only one more. That's what I said earlier. 1 more.

We then quickly found the tree trunk that Quizzle had told us about, but, there was a catch. It was surrounded by quicksand. I have never seen this, but evidently it can suck you into it. It didn't seem too quick though. I felt like I could've run on top of it. However, Ka'Ali seemed like the better candidate, just to be sure we didn't mess up. Once he took the stone over there, we all waited at the barrier to ensure nothing escaped. As he opened up the barrier, a mist started rolling out. By the time that he joined us again, we were ready to enter. 

As we go in, there is a giant creature. Back in Florian I remember hearing tales of the Ettercaps that would come and take you away. This guy reminded me of some of the pictures of those, but a little more bug like. He had two dog like animals with him, and one of the missing Zhaijalian soldiers laying on the ground. We talk for a minute, but he gives a big talk about how he was going to kill us or something if we didn't leave him alone. So we called his bluff.

When the enemies were all dispatched, and the area was clear, we went to go see if the soldier was alive or not. He must have had a pretty bad head wound, as he thought that he had been there for a day. That's not too good to be knocked out for that amount of time. It is very much like what happened with Bhindic Begisrul from Florian. He was only ever good at carrying buckets around town after he fell and hit his head. Poor guy. Ha. At the rate we are all going, he'll probably live longer than me though. Ha. ha. Well, OH MAN! Maybe, this isn't even one of the soldiers. That would make more sense. Quizzle didn't say anything about other people going into the mist, but maybe they just didn't see this guy go in. I don't know. We got him though, so that's all that really matters. 

When we exited the glade, Quizzle came fluttering up to us, again, speaking in those strange sounds with Puck. Click Click Clitter Blub Flutter Flutter Flutter. Couldn't make heads or tails of it. However, the Peek-See asked which of us would want the blessing, and the group decides that myself and Bomiz could. So, Quizzle flits around and then booped me on the nose. I felt strange, not like the time I got petrified, or the time I got swallowed by the big face, or the time like 30 minutes prior when I got knocked unconcious, but a good strange. It felt like I was on The Crosswind again. Quizzle did its little flutter dance around Bomiz, then booped him on the nose as well and I could tell that Bomiz felt a similar feeling as me. Not the same obviously, but you know. Similar.

Quizzle then told us that something happened while we were in there, and pointed to the East where there laid a giant tentacle. After going through all of this, I still don't know what this means. I will discuss with the group, but hopefully this is some indication that I am headed in the right direction. 

You are the one that binds, I humbly ask for you to wrap me in your protection as I face these challenges with courage and find glory. If I fall, guide me to the Deep Waters.